
# Question 1
One value that is very important to me is __comraderie, accountability, and mentorship__. It's important to me to be in an environment where I don't feel like I have to learn everything myself or be secretive with my discoveries. We can all work so much faster when everyone is sharing and everyone can trust one another. Especially within open source, accountability can be difficult to monitor, but as a class/family, I think that we can be really good about crediting one another and sharing ownership of results toward which we have all worked. Some action items I can do to help others in our kick-hash community uphold these values include gently helping out and encouraging when I see that someone is stuck, making sure to always note that others have helped me, and making sure that people feel comfortable coming to me for help with anything that I might be particularly good at.

Another value I really like is __take care of yourself__. We've already encountered some frustrations in this process, and we're bound to encounter even more, and if we're not each making sure that we're taking the breaks we need, getting the rest we need, feeding ourselves the way we need to be fed, etc. it's likely that our frustrations with the code will become frustrations with one another. For me, this is particularly actionable in terms of  making sure that I'm aware of my general mood when I speak to people. If I'm not paying attention, I can become frustrated with people through no fault of their own. I am not very good at getting the rest I need or feeding myself properly, so I can also pay extra attention to those aspects of self care during this process. Most importantly, though, I can be kind to myself about my mistakes and encourage others to be similarly kind with themselves.

My third value is __be friendly__. I like this one better than friendship because not everyone is going to be friends, but everyone can make the effort to be warm and inviting, and there's nothing worse than being in a program that takes up most of your time and energy and feel totally isolated while you do it; that's a huge drain. I can uphold this by making sure to reach out to people who are alone during lunch or project time. I can help others uphold this value by encouraging everyone to sit in a new spot every day so that we experience learning next to everyone.

# Question 2
The part of my group's discussion about Carol Dwek that was most important to me was the part where we talked about being open to possibility, and how something that seemed like a failure or a mistake could actually turn out to be a discovery. This was important to me because I generally have a fear of failure and often beat myself up if something is not easy enough or quick enough. At the same time, I feel very strongly that I won't know what I even want to do with my WDI training until I have a better understanding of what is possible. I can encourage myself and others to keep this mindset by pointing out connections I see between other interests or skills I have and the ones we're learning in class and asking others whether they see connections to their own interests. I've already seen other people in the class doing this. Additionally, we should all feel free to point out creative workarounds or applications that we see that others might not. Sometimes these tricks lead in whole new directions.